I guess I'm the cult
Joran turkey dog and you are a dirty
skunk I'm a dirty skunk I'm a dirty stop
brother
Am I why if he's dead then I'm a
mongoose
quack-quack that's his little game is it
now tell me just between the two of us
what season is it
really everybody knows that's really
duck season
yard
haha i Faso
you know very well what's up it's gold
and jewels that's what's up but there
just ain't enough for the two of us so
you know these 501 I smelled up what of
an Englishman after all money isn't
everything
I smelled up one of an English wabbit
look Mac let's get this straightened out
you're the giant in the story of Jack
and the Beanstalk aren't you
whoa yes in the giant intech and the
Beanstalk wasn't had to know where that
now was he he was after Jack right well
I guess maybe that is why all right now
know you're Jack all right oh yeah you
are Jack and you know it because it is a
fact
let's get out of here before he comes to
take your hands off of me I came up here
to get some solid gold goodies and I
ain't leaving without them you know
sometimes I wonder whatever happened to
that silly Dutch it's a living